[ENG-7968][docs] add info about how user can cache `Podfile.lock` across builds (#21997)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/caching.mdx

## iOS dependencies

EAS Build serves most CocoaPods artifacts from a cache server. This improves consistency of `pod install` times while also generally improving speed. The cache will be bypassed automatically if you provide your own **.netrc** or **.curlrc** files.

> To using our CocoaPods cache server for your builds set the `EAS_BUILD_DISABLE_COCOAPODS_CACHE` env variable value to `"1"` in **eas.json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use our CocoaPods cache server for your builds set the `EAS_BUILD_DISABLE_COCOAPODS_CACHE` env variable value to `"1"` in **eas.json**.
```

  }
  /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
}
```

> EAS Build also allows you to cache **Podfile.lock** file to provide consistent results across managed app builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EAS Build allows you to cache the **Podfile.lock** file to provide consistent results across builds when using the managed workflow.
```

> EAS Build allows you to cache the **Podfile.lock** file to provide consistent results across builds when using the managed workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
EAS Build allows you to cache the **Podfile.lock** file to provide consistent results across builds when using the managed workflow.
```

Do we need to specify managed workflow here? I think it might be confusing since we generally don't specify managed/bare workflow in EAS docs. I understand (not sure) that the behavior can be different for bare workflows. Although, I'd be interested in learning what are the differences between managed and bare workflows.

 Can we use more generic term like "your project"?

> To enable it add `./ios/Podfile.lock` path to `"cache"."customPaths"` array in your build profile in **eas.json**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable it, add `./ios/Podfile.lock` to the `"cache"."customPaths"` list in your build profile in **eas.json**.
```

> To enable it, add `./ios/Podfile.lock` to the `"cache"."customPaths"` list in your build profile in **eas.json**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To cache **Podfile.lock**, add `"./ios/Podfile.lock"` to the `"cache"."customPaths"` list in your build profile in **eas.json**.
```

> To enable it, add `./ios/Podfile.lock` to the `"cache"."customPaths"` list in your build profile in **eas.json**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable it, add **./ios/Podfile.lock** to the `cache.customPaths` list in your build profile in **eas.json**.
```

I think we remove double quotes (it reads really weird and not consistent with rest of the docs when we specify properties defined in JSON files) and also make the [filename bold as per our writing styleguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text).
